why infer will work his way to the
bottom the safeco machine off turn
number four ladies and gentlemen another
youngster in carquest Victory Lane it is
Ryan firm to take down the with this is
truly a reward for me I mean I honestly
didn't think I was gonna win today I
didn't realize how much time passed
until I saw two to go that was just like
all right just keep calm do what you do
I see the checkered flag and I'm
giggling like a little school or your
home you know I mean I I'm just super
excited
he pit of turn number four down to the
strife he has done it Jesse hives long
overdue for victory here in stafford he
will take down the win we've had a
couple good rains to be raised real good
last week the car was good today we
missed practice for the first round we
were only able to get around to practice
and mehran it's pretty old tires but I'm
still able to get it done this is
amazing I've been waiting about eight
years to get in Victory Lane here and
get a win so to win here now finally
it's amazing
burrito at the point here comes tallman
one last bit as they come off turn
number four for the double checkered
flag it is going to be Joey ferrino with
a fist pump to the fans on the front
straightaway I had a blast out there I
mean the Troy was running me real clean
this car was on tonight I mean the best
racing in this division that we got all
night here on Friday night
christopher holding out of the inside
lane Kobe turn number three on the final
lap a razzle dazzle world by Kobe here
we go Sambo going to the victory against
Ted Christopher to the line Ted Cruz
from widget yeah we're really still
struggling i don't really like blocking
as much they did but uh you know when
when it's not that good at things ain't
going that great
is he both saw his way off of turn
number four who comes to the line Adam
gray has done it he will take down the
victory in the late models yeah they uh
they told me there's nerf bars and stuff
hanging honestly I cannot thank my crew
and all my sponsors enough metals motor
car lands on repair Holly's auto body
hollows Holly's auto repair Gregor and
construction ojs barco Perry's auto
parts trackside motors and fun
forgetting anybody else entire mix itís
could be
flag is out and it is Tommy Barrett to
take down the win I usually you know you
commented hit you know save tires and
tonight I was just running up front
running the top five top three before
that last couple of cautions are not
everybody don't mean for the whole race
so I later I catching a 34 the card is
kept coming in
you